always thinking ahead well they ain't
gonna end well this video is made
possible by the following cuties you can
check out the gear they provide to me in
the description below
hey guys Jimmy here and my poor head is
really second shiny I swear so for
today's video I have been invited to an
event this time it's Lamborghini that
made a mistake of inviting the world's
most mediocre simracing to their race
and I'm gonna be taking part in
something called the real race series
which is a mixture of journalists
Lamborghini Pro drivers scary ones and
influencers sturdy people like me
basically and the schedule consists of a
15 minute qualifying session followed by
a 45-minute race so they're simply using
and I'm gonna say some our most Italian
accent possible I said of course a
competent CEO and if you do that it
makes it more Italian but my friend says
who's Italian and we're gonna be driving
at Monza in the Lamborghini Huracan
obviously so you might be thinking right
that t1 Monza and simracing usually
don't go together too well
especially when you have super
competitive real-life drivers who are
actually driving and not getting a sim
rate to do it for them journalists and
then me somewhere in between it's
probably going to be quite spicy on that
first lap we did have the guys at
Lamborghini basically begging us please
go through t1 I'll try my best for
Lamborghini man and of course with
limited car selection comes limited
delivery selection now let's turn a sad
because I like to kind of run the mint
boys I have my little fake team in game
called big mints well finish your
Lamborghini for that because here is my
car for the race look at it it's mint
well you gotta admit plan by a race
obviously that's worth at least half a
second enough for me at least
virginity gloves going on I'm gonna do
something that I very rarely do actually
practice qualifying so don't start in
the back Luca starting at the back of
Monza with t1 being what it is is
usually quite terrifying so I'm gonna
try not to do that for a change
hi Alexi hey there man that's no Yaron
front give a little flash hello friend
oh man that's her that Japanese ping I'm
into it man it's actually quite hard
setting a flying lap here
again there let's just say differing
levels of skill so you'd start a lap but
30-second cap in front of you that's
something you'll find four or five cars
in your way that's part the fun though
so in the session right now with me as
well as lots of the people and voice
chat I have mr. Dennis Linz hello Dennis
hello just for the purpose of the video
would you mind introducing yourself and
what you do and why you're here yes
as stated before my name is Dennis Lind
I race with Lamborghini and GT World
Series with the Lamborghini Huracan gt3
and I tend to do some sim racing every
night as well actually a first met
Dennis in VC luckily wasn't in the same
class as us though no preferential
treatment everyone gets killed
perfect I think if I can get like a low
48 I'll be super happy I don't think I'm
gonna go 47 quali given my my last
performance is my renowned for bottlings
well that's still in front of eight or
nine real-life drivers so that's have
you driven here in the era can in real
life I have actually yes other time
similar Alan yeah they've read the took
the close I would say like the the one
good thing that ACCC is doing is that
the times are very representative it to
realize at least so that means that I
can do these signs in real life here
yeah you just jump in the real car and
you basically yeah this is the best
school to do it so you just jump in then
it's basically like the real life thing
so we have right now 15 minutes of
qualifying to go out there and do the
best time possible I think time to beat
will be a very low 47 maybe even a 46 if
someone goes very fast my goal was to
try and get into the 47th so a high 47
but that should be enough to hopefully
be in the top ten fingers crossed
Ron totally not gonna bottle this
alright bottling is illegal and with you
my best try and get into the top tapping
I can do it man this car wants a couple
of laps slow to warm up and then you can
really eat it on that second lap so
well see how we do so I might be cheeky
here and get a little bit of a toe of
this feather in the front bit far back
though we'll see
[Music]
first up done and not bad we're fifth at
the moment I could have gone a bit
quicker I think but I got blocked on
like kind of to our laps on 14 which is
a shame
going out again so you've been going
quicker getting closer to Lindo I doubt
it but to be honest happy with that so
far
well that was embarrassing I tend to
turn my TV off to try and get a better
rear
heat into the rear tires but obviously
that can happen I think I've been a bit
of a tip no I did a
46:9 discussing all right I am an
absolute hindrance he's focused
sometimes problem is you're pushing
they're pushing you brake a bit later
they break a bit earlier you guys buying
this Jimmy Brogan has been cancelled
[Music]
come on give me the 47 give me the 47
come on
ah just just a 47 way I'll tell you that
I'm happy of that first time didn't fall
you seem pleased my last lap and Chloe
do you only just for the earth mate
actual p7 I'm really happy that I'm
within a second just off Dennis Lind who
is an alien in the sim and of course
real life a real life fell our driver
happy of that but now 45 minutes of me
making an ass of myself right there in
race time hopefully webcam stays on it's
like frozen a couple of times so far and
my little warm up to this oh my god
don't hit me boys breaks nice and toasty
every week a good get away and get
fruity 1 & 2 in the one piece you know
what it's like here it one's a break for
me that's pray for me
[Music]
always thinking ahead well they ain't
gonna end well
yeah and I can't murder straightaway
there you go guys it happened
immediately I should have really good
start there I was right behind the
leaders cut the readies got damaged and
unfortunately just got killed by someone
behind but I really opened em used
otherwise but hey it's okay we've got
the crash out the way now or ap11 then
we're gonna lose that many places so he
only lost I think four places so that's
just okay I head down and get them back
again
did you survive no no I got killed
straightaway I'm eleventh now I gotta
mow another space on the outside no one
made c1 then everyone just crashed into
me I actually made c1 but no one else
did I didn't make it either so it's your
fault pretty much so I'm gonna go up
with a rule that if it's only sort of
Italian sounding name that it's a junior
driver is that correct
oh my god
there are Horrors
there is
that was terrifying that she sent the
shiver down my spine but I see wink
catch this fellow in the front and let
you guys constantly tottenham because my
pic ugly faces in the way this guy is
called Crowell tail alt which I'm
definitely saying correctly because I am
good at languages know who's not well
back up to p7 don't look laughing a bit
so let's see if we can catch these guys
in front now what now Alexi is doing I
haven't seen him on the leaderboard who
stays behind us somewhere I think unless
he just have like the most improvement
I've ever seen from anyone from practice
to race which maybe have done that he's
a quick guy in real life more suit to go
in sideways usually though getting
closer to mr. pay ll in front well there
are some they're a bit of a squabble up
there geez
I think that's pp6 now yeah
just apply and get by these people with
not too much squabble I'm a bit quicker
but that's not always how races work out
don't hit me
[Music]
that happens too though see all these
guys out there perhaps in their
qualifying laps God new race runs baby
so I'm talking about p5c we catch these
guys
whyever get a podium I expect a
Lamborghini if I can a podium I think
that's how that works
well back up to p5 I was just that one's
the stylist Morgan there's the ER dude
you can show the barriers that'll be
helpful for me fellow behind me of his
drive-thru right now keep it on in
[Music]
another mind is disappeared we are
gaining on these guys in front as well
by about a second a lap and seen so we
should be on them hopefully next lap but
he's kicking some sort of tow anyway so
can actually see the gaps by the way
they're the two orange times there I
know my face in the way of the rest of
it but you can just about see that which
is the important thing right you can see
kind of the gaps I'm prepared all right
just not quite in the draft at the
moment just a little bit out of it so
hoping to pick that up soon and then
pull up to the back of these guys
hopefully that spur a little bit now or
I've slowed down or a bit of both
actually Sophie we can bring that back
in again these much times are
consistently so thus that was a 48 969
and this one is a forty eight point nine
nine zero consistency if only I was
actually quickly the gap is now 1.6
seconds so still not quite in the draft
but getting closer to it unknowingly he
has one in front so they can kind of
stay together that bit slow for a scary
- so easing in that roll the car that
was like it's constantly on edge just
kind of a fun of it really
first of all lap traffic I think this is
a got any murders earlier it seems to be
quick enough though let's see what he
wants to do he doesn't get in the way
too much
well out of that question they got in
the way a lot thank you dude appreciate
it
I lost about half a second there to the
guys in front having to wait for this
guy to sort himself out it happens
sometimes so you go to this deal with it
Toby doesn't want to be it here we're
down the t1 see now it starts getting
spicy we start getting the guys who
maybe don't do much simracing and we
have until that live as quickly as
possible I like me some spice come on
now I know I can catch these guys so I
got this time to go raw deal like 18
minutes into the race what when did that
happen
I'll do is the guy on inside there I'm
scared of that there is oh my god that
was terrifying but these guys are now
really close together like come on you
guys fight each other
I want Bert give
oh that was a Lexie no large F for a
Lexie man how's it going Jimmy
still alive somehow this is nice I'm
Pete five I'm only about two seconds
behind third and traffic is hilarious
Oh battle up mate absolutely shaft is
there
I just got given forth by a lapped car
the site base is stopping pretty scary
for the game front use all the exit
there because we're allowed to oh no oh
no poor man's trying to murder himself
we'll exit and I've just realised now
it's getting to the time of day where
the Sun starts creeping in please don't
do this to me nature please don't do it
this race was delayed by like an hour so
this wouldn't be it wouldn't be their
problem otherwise but now it is so right
21 minutes to go with fourth place to go
in front of us kind of pulled away a
little bit now a little bit of janky
traffic so the sound a little bit but so
got quite a way to go yet the Sun is
creeping over no stop it
I don't want to cook oh my god she's
driving the wrong way that was scary
first go in a second keeps making
mistakes I could get a podium kill each
other lads come on oh my the lights
getting closer
my vampire skin is starting to burn why
did the race have to be delayed by this
specific amount now I can't really get
up to the close of blind I've got an
idea though okay Google cool George okay
please work
they got the phone George please do me a
favor this might be annoying but I'm
doing a video right now and the Sun has
come out and I can barely see because of
the Sun so could you please come down
here and shut the blinds I would get up
well I can't because I'm driving thank
you I love you Oh absolute hero George
just saved Christmas man so I just have
to call my brother on the phone to ask
him to come and shut my blinds because
the sun's come out I can barely see
anything see if it works
nice George our hero there he is he is
pull the blind down oh my gosh if you've
done God's work toward thank you right
now you can go on without being blinded
what's some time that I must say
pace tends to fall off a little bit when
you're blind though I find come on
second and needs to catch bird for
anything for us to happen right now so
second so a third needs to catch second
come on birds I believe in you see I
know you're lonely up there dad this
mate you should really come back here
and help our friend do you know I'm
already fighting with all the bad man my
typical selfish Dennis shaking my head
you got this Odie I'm easy there is some
traffic up there maybe I'm gonna get a
catch a break here someone's just lost
it as well things have been a circuit
okay so Alexi in front of us three
seconds of the road hopefully you won't
catch him for Ascari they've been held
up slightly ahead not by much though
that one's doing quite nice than it
seems
you're Alexi no no Alexi oh my god
my life just flashed before my eyes and
a lot of it was in the [__] it turns out
for seconds for the guys in front they
got hold up a little bit so we lot be
gains a second look on what it is like I
gained a little bit of time hit traffic
and then lose that little bit of time
it's not much in it really we're doing
similar time and so every now then they
get a little bit quick and that's what
they're put in the way as I said they
need to have a lot of a scrap for me to
hold they are having a scrap bloody hell
I've been there two seconds now is to go
okay something could happen here
not a bad time to the personal best sir
when there's a terrible one
can I get the power down there right
this guy
please move I'm going to flash you until
you move don't want to lose any time
behind you
all these time time it
for that a study
this is all very dodgy I'm very spooky
here
oh he's made a big mistake come on
but that's not close enough to the
capitalise from the mistakes all right
six and a half minutes left there is in
front of us that's third place he's a
bit quicker but he keeps making little
mistakes bring them back at this point
can we do anything oh my god
bollocks I couldn't see the [__]
thing because of the name
[Music]
please move you are being given blue
flags please move
[Music]
what's this guy doing man
making things tricky
just money appreciate that 1.1 1.3
seconds now I just don't quite have that
that little bit more to get there man
can hang on but I can't make the extra
step
slide island
don't front mr. chicane - I'll free the
strata I was looking at that still the
corner lost to temps instantly
city boy Jimmy silly boy Oh God
yeah okay - are now ruin any chance of
catching them Oh God okay so that really
left I sort of gave up a little bit
there
hey what is we had a good run though I
think challenge no challenge for the
podium just a few mistakes that last up
there took us right out of the
contention at the end that we were
pushing it the entire way trying the
best as we always do here before run too
bad I think I'm the first non racing
driver here on the last Bend it's
peaceful not bad how would the lighter
podium but after waiting for like a year
to actually race nice to have a decent
result free up on our on our grip
position despite getting punted at the
start you're not too bad not too bad oh
well then go thank you right and you too
before before no yeah just bit too quick
at the end it was fun night that's a lot
of fun
tears Lambo for inviting me sorry t1
wasn't very clean not much I can do
about that unfortunately man's kind of
got kind of got removed fami guys that
was Monza in the Lamborghinis pretty fun
race if not a little bit a bit quiet
from our point of view after the start
but I hope you enjoy anyway if you did
as always appreciate you hitting the
like button feel free to subscribe to
hit that Bell notification I've gotten
all that stuff big thank you to that
bikini for inviting me out good to get
your race against some really quick guys
and some scary guys take you out thought
some day see you all next time say
goodbye to the video Lindo thank you so
much for watching with us and suffering
but it was nice
[Music]